Add about indenting modules (#85)
invenia/BlueStyle: README.md

[foo(x) for x ∈ xs]
```

### Modules

> Normally a file that includes the definition of a module, should not include any other code that runs outside that module.

Author: one module per file is too easy to misread as one file per module.
Which is why i phrased it they way i did.

> i.e. the module should be declared at the state of the file with the `module` keyword and ended at the end of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e. the module should be declared at the top of the file with the `module` keyword and `end` at the bottom of the file.
```
